docs: Add documentation about the CLI failing (#35385)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/lazy-loading-ngmodules.md

<hr>

> ## Common errors if lazy-loading isn't working
> 
> If this is your first Angular app, you should read the guide for [NgModules](https://angular.io/guide/ngmodules). Many common Angular modules should be imported at the base of your application. A good reference of this case is if the CLI generates the dependency for your app to start with. For example, importing BrowserModule and/or BrowserAnimationsModule in more than one module below the first level in the dependency tree where it is first introduced, will often break tree shaking from being able to break your app into lazy chuncks. When you go to the CLI to generate a lazy module, and it fails to generate a module  when you include the --route {lazyRouteName} argument, but will generate modules without --route argument, double check common modules being imported in multiple places within your app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Troubleshooting lazy-loading modules

A common error when lazy-loading modules is importing common modules in multiple places within an application.  You can test for this condition by first generating the module using the Angular CLI and including the `--route route-name` parameter, where `route-name` is the name of your module. Next, generate the module without the `--route` parameter. If the Angular CLI generates an error when you use the `--route` parameter, but runs correctly without it, you may have imported the same module in multiple places.

Remember, many common Angular modules should be imported at the base of your application.

For more information on Angular Modules, see [NgModules](https://angular.io/guide/ngmodules).
```

I reworded this content to (hopefully) make it a little easier to read. Let me know if you think it's missing the mark.

Reviewer 2: LGTM!
